# Summary: Robot Learning from Demonstration by Constructing Skill Trees
George Konidaris, Roderic Grupen, Scott Kuindersma, Andrew Barto

## Abstract
CST, an online algorithm is described for constructing skill trees from demonstration trajectories. CST segments a demonstration trajectory into a chain of component skills, where each skill has a goal and is assigned a suitable abstraction from an abstraction library. These properties permit skills to be improved efficiently using a policy learning algorithm. Chains from multiple demonstration trajectories are merged into a skill tree. It is shown that CST can be used to acquire skills from human demonstration in a dynamic continuous domain, and from both expert demonstration and learned control sequences on the uBot-5 mobile manipulator.

## Method
The main idea is to segment the main tasks into various subtasks defined over a state and task abstraction, thus forming chains which can be combined to form trees allowing it to deal with a collection of trajectories. It heavily relies on the options framework. Given a set of demonstrations, Monte Carlo methods are used to construct a value function. Viterbi Changepoint detection algorithm is used to segment the value function into different links of a chain called skills. Thus a set of similar  demonstration trajectories generates a skill chain. This chain has an associated option to accomplish a subgoal given an initiation set. Merging skill chains forms a skill tree. This can be done by comparing links of the two chains and combining common trajectories. In this case, skill at the point of branching will have a set of options for the same initiation set. Skill trees comfortably allow for stochastic nature of the system given sufficient number of trajectories are recorded. The proposed approach was tested on pinball game and mobile manipulation navigation task and the results were satisfactory.

## Critique
This paper is really well written with an elaborate background section to anchor the reader. The simple language used makes it accessible to non experts in the field. Each section has sufficient number of examples to support the arguments. Also the experimental section is correctly emphasized upon with details on the implementation and supporting arguments for the results. I didn’t find any weakness as such but the paper was tiringly long especially because of the second experiment being way too elaborate. The discussion section highlights the usage cases for the proposed approach and throws a good light on the future scope direction.
