# Summary: Robot Learning from Demonstration: A Task-level Planning Approach
Staffan Ekvall and Danica Kragic

## Abstract
In this paper, the authors deal with the problem of learning by demonstration, task level learning and planning for robotic applications that involve object manipulation. Preprogramming robots for execution of complex domestic tasks such as setting a dinner table is of little use, since the same order of subtasks may not be conceivable in the run time due to the changed state of the world. The proposed approach aims to learn the goal of the task and use a task planner to reach the goal given different initial states of the world. For some tasks, there are underlying constraints that must be fulfilled, and knowing just the final goal is not sufficient. Two techniques are proposed for constraint identification. In the first case, the teacher can directly instruct the system about the underlying constraints. In the second case, the constraints are identified by the robot itself based on multiple observations. The constraints are then considered in the planning phase, allowing the task to be executed without violating any of them. The work is tested on a real robot performing pick-and-place tasks.

## Method
The main contribution of this paper is identification of states and constraints for various sub-tasks from the available demonstrations. The entire planning process is broken down into- pose estimation, high level planning, collision evaluation and free space analysis. For a manipulation task, visual cues are processed to obtain the edges and create descriptors of the relevant objects in the scene. Next is the high level task planning which uses STRIPS representation. Every subtask has associated preconditions and effects. Domain operators are options which when acted upon a state, change the state given the preconditions are satisfied. Domain predicated are equivalent to symbols or atomic tests that return a boolean value associated to whether the input state satisfies the test. Once a high level plan is ready, low level planner evaluates possible collision regions in the scene. Additionally, free space analysis is done additionally to check the viability of the plans. In high level planning in particular, segmentation is the first step wherein the pose estimation data is used to identify objects and relative positions to construct state representation. For continuous states, K means clustering is used to aggregate the states. Next is the task generalization which captures important constraints from the demonstrations either through human teacher or by combining multiple observations. This information can then be fed to a STRIPS compatible planner to generate high level plans. 

## Critique
This paper gave a really good overview of the entire planning process using appropriate examples. Each step in the planning was sufficiently elaborated to understand the underlying motivations and challenges. The only weakness I found in this paper is organization or rather structuring which sometimes causes a loss of context even though the sections are well defined. This is because the flow of explanation blurs the boundaries between the 3 methods being considered. The future scope of the proposed work is well considered which would enable real time planning. 
